DOCS-2432: Add Agent cloud logging (#3072)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/fleet/provision.md

  For more information, see [Viam Agent management](https://github.com/viamrobotics/agent#management).

### View Viam Agent logs

The Viam Agent writes log messages to the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).

> These messages can be found on the [**LOGS** tab](/cloud/machines/#logs) of your machine's page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find these messages on the [**LOGS** tab](/cloud/machines/#logs) of your machine's page.
```
[opt] passive voice

> Log messages are only sent when your machine is online and connected to the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viam Agent only sends messages when your machine is online and connected to the internet.
```
[opt] passive voice
I'm not actually sure of accuracy of my suggestion, but would be great to say what is sending the messages

If your machine is offline, log messages are queued, and are sent to the Viam app once your machine reconnects to the internet.

> These log messages include when `viam-server` is stopped and started, the status of agent subsystems, and any errors or warning encountered during operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These log messages include logs of when `viam-server` is stopped and started, the status of agent subsystems, and any errors or warning encountered during operation.
```
[opt] I don't love my suggestion, but existing wording is grammatically iffy/awk

Author: This one is too many `logs`
